com/byyang/choose/ActivityResultLauncher.java
 com.byyang.choose.ActivityResultLauncher
miui/statusbar/lyric/hook/MainHook.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$1
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$2
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$2$1
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$3
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$4
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$5
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$6
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$7
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$8
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$9
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.MainHook$LyricReceiver
miui/statusbar/lyric/Config.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.Config
androidx/annotation/NonNull.java
 androidx.annotation.NonNull
com/byyang/choose/ActivityResultCallback.java
 com.byyang.choose.ActivityResultCallback
androidx/annotation/IntRange.java
 androidx.annotation.IntRange
com/byyang/choose/ChooseFileUtils.java
 com.byyang.choose.ChooseFileUtils
 com.byyang.choose.ChooseFileUtils$ChooseListener
androidx/annotation/Nullable.java
 androidx.annotation.Nullable
miui/statusbar/lyric/Api.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.Api
androidx/annotation/CallSuper.java
 androidx.annotation.CallSuper
miui/statusbar/lyric/activity/AboutActivity.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.activity.AboutActivity
miui/statusbar/lyric/AutoMarqueeTextView.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.AutoMarqueeTextView
miui/statusbar/lyric/activity/TestActivity.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.activity.TestActivity
miui/statusbar/lyric/ColorUtils.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.ColorUtils
com/byyang/choose/ContextUtils.java
 com.byyang.choose.ContextUtils
androidx/annotation/ColorInt.java
 androidx.annotation.ColorInt
miui/statusbar/lyric/activity/SettingsActivity.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.activity.SettingsActivity
 miui.statusbar.lyric.activity.SettingsActivity$1
miui/statusbar/lyric/Utils.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.Utils
miui/statusbar/lyric/hook/netease.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.netease
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.netease$Hook
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.netease$Hook$1
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.netease$Hook$1$1
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.netease$Hook$1$2
 miui.statusbar.lyric.hook.netease$Hook$1$3
miui/statusbar/lyric/BuildConfig.java
 miui.statusbar.lyric.BuildConfig
androidx/annotation/FloatRange.java
 androidx.annotation.FloatRange
com/byyang/choose/ActivityResult.java
 com.byyang.choose.ActivityResult
 com.byyang.choose.ActivityResult$1
com/byyang/choose/ActivityResultFragment.java
 com.byyang.choose.ActivityResultFragment
